Hi Ms. Simmy, Following is a narrative story of a girl named as KTYAGI. Working as a "Junior Consultant" with TIBCO Software Inc., in the field of Integration along with TIBCO ActiveMatrix BusinessWorks, TIBCO Spotfire proved to be a great experience to me as I had the privilege to work on the most complex part of any business application, i.e. Middleware. I take pride in the fact that I developed a reusable component that enables the associates in the organization to go through at self-paced training and learning on end to end integration for performing data validation using numerous SOA products like TIBCO ActiveMatrix Business Works 6 integrating and orchestrating the applications flows, TIBCO Clarity for data cleansing, TIBCO Master Data Management for the data versioning, data storage and TIBCO Spotfire applies to Machine Learning. I was exposed to the opportunity of problem solving and logically analyzing them and implement the complex business scenarios.I found that Ireland is one of the fastest growing tech sector and known as the "Silicon Valley of Europe”. The stretch of research and innovation at U.C.D, Ireland embraces scholars, research groups and collaborations with industry and other technology partners.She was among the best students of the college and always ranked among the top 3 students throughout her graduation years.
What stands out with her is her ability to comprehend new theories and use them to conceptualize strong ideas. Her impeccable application of theoretical knowledge to practical problems earns her a place amongst top students of the class. Throughout the course of study, she has shown great interest towards practical aided learning techniques. Her thirst for knowledge and inquisitive attitude has always been a talking point among the students as well as staff members of our college. Her eagerness to learn saw her undertake various programming language courses and certifications like Linux Boot camp, Python, Core Java, .Net(C#) by Microsoft Academy. Not only did she try to enhance her understanding via these trainings and certifications, she undertook to complete Mini Project on Training and Placement Management in Java and MySQL using Netbeans IDE. She even presented a seminar on ‘Prevention of Rogue Access Point using Device Fingerprinting in Wireless Network’. Last but not the least here’s an example of Stemming- It is very essential to pythonly while you are pythoning with the Python language. All Pythonistas must have pythoned badly at least once.